you were now up to attend the Peach
State TV or any gymnast home
www.ppsd.com
you're gonna see Lexy Brown here in this
first clip she's got Marjorie Butler
actually working out with her you saw
margery video late last week
here's Lexi's you know biggest thing
we're brown and she's been able to do
you can see her in these first couple
clips is I mean she's a great shooter
you know always room for anybody to
improve but at her age definitely one of
the better shooters in the 2013 class in
the country you know we've got it right
now as a top 10 prospect in the country
she's our be verbally committed to play
for head coach Brenda Frese and her
staff there at Maryland I'm obviously
with David Atkins on the staff right now
in swimming you know that he's there
when this is gonna be there you know
she'll continue to get great skill
development you know our father D I
played in the NBA for four years and has
done a great job getting her obviously
the foundation that she has the
basketball player you can see one of the
things that we really like about Brown
you talk about our shot waist up she
gets the ball up get to opal above her
eyes so that she gets some flat on the
ball there been a couple things that
we've been working on her width and
continuing to grow and develop her shot
to maybe be one of the best shooters in
the country bar none by the time she
finishes high school
you're brown actually moved to the
Atlanta area this summer she had been
down in Orlando had been playing some
ball with the Georgia ice team dates
back with Kayla Davis - you know when
when they were much younger living in
the same community down there in Florida
and so I was able to make that move up
and we'll be attending milk way down
high school this year playing there we
obviously expect big things from her
this coming season looking at a shot you
know still same thing work on mid-range
right now one of the things you've seen
this talked about in several of the
videos the Muricy video of the butler
video is getting two shot repetitions
for every shot thus the shot fake and
then the knock down there you know one
of the things we've been working with
brown on she doesn't pretty good job of
already is getting up off the floor on a
shot but then not fading back you know
after she shoots and making sure that
she finishes closer to the basket then
when she started so that she gets that
good rotation flight and then her shots
don't end up coming up short so she's
using her legs and getting our whole
body into the shot
now you also see right here when we
talked about not fading and you can see
are actually when great shots there and
see if we can get one right here she
shoots at plants and lands and then
waits for the ball to hit something
whether it be rim whether it be net nice
high one second follow-through is
national evaluator and I camp director
Jonathan Hemingway talks about
consistently inside of both our workouts
and our camps for the the kids that we
host all year long is wanting to make
sure that our shots are consistent you
see Browns is ball hits soft on the rim
so even if it hits on the back part you
still get that good roll and it knocks
itself in you know the majority of brown
shots hit the back of the net so it's
not even a concern with kind of the spin
she's getting on as you can see right
there again it hits the back of the net
falls right through and then we get the
ball right back to when she knocks it
down
you know we started talking about
late-game stuff and now you're saying
Braun put the ball on the floor one
bounce to our strong hand tough shot for
a right-handed kid you can see her feet
be moving a lot you know one of the
things that we've actually been working
on since this a couple of weeks ago it's
just not one to waste motion to use
excess motion so to speak make sure that
you know what we can do in four steps we
doing four and not taking seven or eight
you know as you talk about getting late
into the fourth quarter late into the
second half at the collegiate level of
big games you know you don't want to
still be taking those excess steps your
body's already tired you're fighting
through you know especially if it's a
game where you've had to play entire
games and they envision Brown I'm sure
Maryland similar to the Christi Tolliver
where she can help to handle the
basketball but also is gonna be willing
to take big game shots late willing to
get her handle and wanted to do some of
those things so that's what we're trying
to work on there with her already
there's not waste emotion making sure
that everything we do has a purpose that
she's able to come in and knock shots
down the way that we know she's capable
of in the first 25 or 30 minutes also in
the last eight to ten you know I really
see her progression similar to that of a
non-jury a corridor where you know she
started out and has always been a really
good player you know when it was really
good in one skill set area for Brown
shooting you know for Carter was just
energy effort and defensive presence and
being able to continue to develop the
rest of her game around that core skill
set
you know Brown such a smart kid
obviously it helps you know to have been
around the game but but even more so
than that it's just being willing as a
player at some point in your own shoes
in your own volition you know playing
the game for for you and you know not
because there's a lineage there you know
it doesn't mean that you're
automatically gonna get all the benefits
of being you know the daughter of
somebody who played in the NBA you know
you have to put the work in and Brown
has been a consistent fixture in our
workouts both Academy stuff and then
also with the Elite Basketball Academy
all-american camps she was that position
camp every time we opened the door to
the gym since she's moved here and been
here since August she's been in the gym
with us and all that work ethic is only
gonna help her to continue to grow her
game you get better you see us closing
it out here she's knocking the
three-ball down
one of the things that has been really
impressive you know we talked about a
work ethic in that last clip no we
finished up a workout on Sunday night at
about 7:30
you know I'm Brown spends another 15 to
20 minutes I'm not shooting the ball
from 20 to 23 feet so much of what we do
outside of our workouts it's based in
the mid-range we just want a ton of good
quality shots and then normally we'll
work out to the three-point line but
it's limited reps out there really
focusing on the mid-range so Brown says
after and gets the extra work